you don't remember my name do you
good time last night is all right
nothing special you left your socks in
my room did I hey champ hey what
happened last night you made my body
hurts so much
Oh your app Emma did I have sex with
anyone in this apartment last night no
you didn't I just passed out on your
couch yeah you were naked and crying do
you like her I can't date her she's my
oldest friend
[Music]
yes I know did you have sex with Emma no
yes
I'm a doctor I worked 80 hours a week
I need someone who's gonna be in my bed
it's Who I am who I don't have to you
breakfast with I hate breakfast okay
let's remember where are you you want to
come back strong here like where am I
won't you check your underpants yeah
yeah I don't like that
maybe we should establish ground rules
no I ain't old jealousy don't let's me
as your emergency contact I won't come
don't ask me what I think about your
body yeah with all this real sex going
on around me yeah I just felt whoa
I think I'm falling burger that's a
horrible idea you're living every guy's
dream right now why would you mess that
up
I really like you mmm you always find
these perfect guys and then you're like
it'll never work
I think monogamy it goes against our
basic biology go somewhere else you
kidding okay I'm gonna call every girl
and my phone until someone agrees to
have sex with me Tolls today that is a
terrible self-destructive plan and we're
behind you 100%
you are such an overachiever thank you
[Music]
one of they were one day can't fight me
your miniature you fight like a hamster
[Music]